# v0.11 - Container logs support

## Configuration changes
* `pathBase` renamed to `localPlainLogsBase` and applies to current group's local plain logs only,
i.e. logs whose paths point to files on current node's file system.
* Path for any log can now contain custom prefix such as `docker://`, `k8s://`, `node://`, `composite://`.
As a result, there is no need to explicitly specify node for a log as it can be extracted from the path.
As an additional result, plain logs can now point to any remote log target, including Docker and Kubernetes.
* Composite logs section must not contain `path`, `node` and `timestamp` fields for "main" log anymore.
Instead, all the logs comprising the composite log must be declared in `includes` section of the composite log.
It makes the content of composite logs unified.
* A composite log is now referenced with URI not by its main log's path but either
by manually specified `uriName` field or by a hashcode automatically computed upon hash codes of all the
inclusions. For example, instead of `http://analog:8080/#/path/to/main.log` you can now write
`http://analog:8080/#/composite://my-composite` or `http://analog:8080/#/composite://4F8ADC2F901`.
* `scanDir` section has been removed. Now you can specify multiple directories to scan within the same
group by means of new `scanLocations/directories` section. More location types to come soon!
* `nodes` section is now divided into two subsections: for `this` and `others` nodes. As a result, you
don't need to specify `myself` flag anymore as it became clear which node is current one.
Neither `serverPort` nor `agentPort` values are required for `others` nodes. If either is omitted, then
corresponding value of `this` node will be used.
Also note that `this` node section must not contain `host` and `serverPort` properties as they are
already defined in Spring Boot's built-in `server.*` section.
* TODO изменился формат задания путей к планарным логам